Technical Challenge - Automate the installation and configuration of nginx web server

REQUIREMENTS:

The nginx server must:

(a) serve requests over port 8000
(b) serve a page with the content of the following repository: https://github.com/puppetlabs/exercise-webpage (page from the repository must be served locally)

Your solution should:

(i) ensure that the required configuration is completed reliably when all the steps are completed
(ii) ensure that subsequent applications of the solution do not cause failures or repeat redundant configuration tasks
(iii) ensure that each execution of the solution results in nginx serving the latest available content from the repository linked above

 

Please perform this exercise on one of the following operating systems: CentOS/RHEL (6 or 7), Ubuntu (14.04 or 16.04), or Windows Server 2012R2. We will likely use a vagrant box to review your solution. If you prefer, you can use one of the vagrant boxes located here:

https://atlas.hashicorp.com/boxes/search
https://atlas.hashicorp.com/puppetlabs

 

You can complete this exercise using your choice of automation tool or language. You do not need to produce a Puppet language solution. The emphasis should be on a working solution that satisfies the requirements.

 

Please attach:

(1) Your code solution in the file format in which it is expected to run. Submissions that cannot be executed as delivered will likely be disqualified.
(2) A brief paragraph explaining the steps required to apply your solution.  Please explicitly state all assumptions (e.g. Only runs on RHEL6)
(3) Answers to the following questions. Limit your answers to 1-2 Pages.

Questions:

Describe the most difficult/painful hurdle you had to overcome in implementing your solution.
Please explain why requirement (ii) above might be important.
Where did you go to find information to help you in the build process?
Briefly explain what automation means to you, and why it is important to an organization's infrastructure design strategy.
Have fun and good luck. We look forward to receiving your completed tasks.
